We've created something really cool, and
it's got me excited to bust out the old
camera.
Hey guys, my name is Shirvan. I'm the
host for Caspian Report. And what we
have developed is a real-time OSINT
tracker for the Middle East.
The very first of its kind.
We're calling it Delta Sweep.
Now, part of the reason we built this is
[music]
well, it comes down to the way
information moves these days.
>> [music]
>> We live in an era where conflicts are
live-streamed, where rumors spread
faster than governments can respond,
where
major events, developments break online
hours before
headlines catch up.
The problem is that most people are
drowning in fragmented information.
So, we built something that cuts
straight through that.
It does so many things
that it's difficult to capture the
purpose of it in one go. So, how about I
just show you?
Well, here it is, Delta Sweep.
>> [music]
>> Our very own OSINT dashboard that does
everything you want.
OSINT, by the way, stands for
open-source intelligence. It's a method
for gathering information from publicly
available sources, such as text, video,
images, and audio.
I've been using OSINT since the term
even became mainstream. But what our
tool does is turn that raw data
into actionable insights.
And that's basically what you're seeing
here on screen. This is the machinery of
Caspian Report.
These are all live events from the last
[music] 24 hours, whether it be military
aircraft, ships, satellites, or
whatever.
I can also sort things by the hour,
search for events, or filter by specific
categories,
such as thermal anomalies, and much
more.
Delta Sweep essentially revolutionizes
the way information is extracted and
evaluated.
It will change the way how you see the
world.
Hey, some people [music] write books.
We made a lightweight intelligence lab.
By the way, this is not a sponsorship
video. I'm actually the co-founder of
this app.
>> [music]
>> I contribute to it. I've helped design
it. I'm involved at its very core, etc.
In many ways, it grew out of the same
research environment and workflow I've
used for years behind the scenes at
Caspian Report.
At one point, my PC had dozens of tabs
open every single day, whether it be
flight trackers, ship trackers,
satellite feeds, OSINT channels,
databases, maps,
>> [music]
>> came chaos.
So, we started building a system to
bring [music]
everything together in one place.
And over time, that system
evolved into this.
But we're feeling the effects of
inflation, too.
And the licensing costs
for some of the features are getting too
high to maintain. So, the only way we
can keep it
is by commercializing it, but that
happily serves a dual purpose.
It basically democratizes open-source
intelligence,
>> [music]
>> allowing people to form their own
opinions on complex issues based on the
best, most accurate information
available.
You know how Batman has a massive
computer sitting in his cave that shows
all kinds of activity?
This is that.
And in [music] fact, I initially wanted
to name it the Batcave, but
obviously, that would have triggered
some lawsuit. But that's just how it
Let me run a few things through so you
get a better understanding.
So, this is our beautiful 3D map.
I'm going to activate the air button.
This shows you all the military aircraft
flying about in the region. Now, mind
you, these are military aircraft, not
civilian.
The data comes from ABS-B, MLAT, and
others, which are more accurate and more
reliable for tracking military assets.
And that right there is a fine print
distinction from other free sources
>> [music]
>> that track aircraft. So, our app
strictly focuses on military items,
though in the future we will add a
separate option to view and track
civilian aircraft as well.
Anyway, when you click on any of these
aircraft, it immediately gives you a
pop-up, an explainer box.
And
>> [music]
>> this right here tells you the speed,
altitude, call sign, etc. of this
specific craft.
Now, when you click here, you are sent
to another page showing you even more
detail about this aircraft.
How cool is that? But, let's go on.
There are so many other features I want
to show you.
I'm going to enable GPS jamming for
this.
And this right here shows me places that
are experiencing
interference with satellite navigation
signals.
Modern aircraft rely heavily on GPS for
navigation.
And usually, when you see a lot of those
signals getting disrupted
simultaneously,
it means something is cooking. And at
Caspian Report, that's one of the first
signs we look at during times of
diplomatic [music]
escalation. When you see a lot of these
red hexagons in large clusters, it means
something is about to go down.
When you zoom out even more, let's
enable sets for this one.
You get not only a nice curvature of our
planet, [music]
but also the most important satellites
orbiting it. So, what we have here
are [music] weather satellites,
Starlink satellites, and military
satellites. [music]
When you click on it, it gives you
additional insights.
Now, when you zoom out even more, these
are the GPS satellites I mentioned
earlier spinning comfortably in medium
Earth orbit.
What you're essentially seeing here is
the world breathing in real [music]
time.
There are, of course, many more
satellites out there, but these are the
most important ones for the Middle East.
We're going to roll out an amazing
feature in the coming weeks that lets
you buy satellite imagery
for specific regions. And you can do
this either yourself or crowdfund it
with other users.
Either way, it will have
up-to-date imagery that is unique,
straight [music]
from space itself.
We're already in the midst of
negotiations with a provider.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's go back to the ground. I'm going
to close [music] these
and instead open the bases and ships
feature.
As the name suggests,
>> [music]
>> it shows military bases, but also naval
ships.
Let's go quickly to Qatar.
Don't click on one of these bases,
doesn't really matter which one.
And here, in this pop-up,
you can instantly see the equipment and
assets located on this base. As you can
see, this specific base hosts
Eurofighters, C-17s,
Apache helicopters.
If you click on any of them, it brings
you the explainer page for that piece
[music] of hardware. There you go.
Let's go back.
I'm telling you guys I've lost so many
[music] hours just tinkering around the
map.
But anyway, let's get back to the point.
Let's zoom out and now you can see all
the naval traffic going about. This is
real time by the way.
Each ship you see here is out there in
the real world.
Now, this is quite unique because naval
ships often times disable tracking
systems or spoof positions
so that their routes are not
predictable.
>> [music]
>> And then they disappear into the
vastness of the open oceans.
At Delta Sweep
we have experts who can identify
patterns in logistics, satellite
imagery, and port activity to make
informed assessments about likely naval
deployments.
And that's what you're seeing here.
[music] So, right here we have the USS
Tripoli patrolling the Arabian Sea.
This amphibious assault ship carries
between 1,600 and 1,800 Marines.
Again
there's nothing like this out there.
Now, if we enable this resource button
it shows us all the major refineries and
processing facilities in the region.
Not just the Persian Gulf by the way.
Let's zoom out.
As you can see the data is for the
entire CENTCOM region.
Now, I wouldn't be surprised if the US
Marines
are eyeing the Iranian islands, maybe
even Kharg islands
here in the north.
This is the linchpin of Iran's economy.
The thing is the Persian Gulf
is a shallow sea, especially along its
coastline.
A standard tanker requires between
25 to 30 m of depth for safe navigation.
And [music] parts of the Gulf are too
shallow to navigate. And that constraint
shapes just about everything.
As a result, Iran extracts and refines
its oil near mainland fields,
but the crude is funneled through
pipelines to Kharg Island,
where the water is deep enough for
tankers to dock safely.
And from there,
the oil enters the global market. This
is effectively Iran's only viable route
for seaborn exports.
But that logistical operation turns
Kharg
into the linchpin of its economy.
For America, meanwhile, that linchpin is
an opportunity worth exploring, but
actually landing there and [music]
taking Kharg Island or any of the other
islands, for that matter,
would result in a massacre.
Control at sea does not necessarily mean
control of land,
because Iran can strike from the
mainland. In addition to drones,
missiles, and fast attack boats, Iran
has [music] fiber optic drones.
These are short-range tactical drones
that are guided via physical cables,
rather than radio signals, which makes
them effectively immune to jamming.
And some of these cables are 60 km in
length, which is more [music] than
enough to cover each and every Iranian
island.
When launched in large numbers,
they can overwhelm any American
contingent on the islands. Imagine one
VPV drone for every Marine deployed to
the region. That's pretty scary,
and probably the reason why America is
so hesitant [music]
about boots on the ground.
Anyway, I digress.
But by combining these features, you can
keep track of things in ways that only
military or intelligence agencies are
capable of.
Now, there are tools out there that are
free,
but they're not always reliable in terms
of military information.
And they're not always in real time.
Meanwhile, the paid websites cost way
more and get you way less value.
What we've developed this app
is the only one that tracks and combines
everything you need in a single
dashboard for a comprehensive picture.
This is also something really cool, the
activity bar.
Here is the newsfeed I mentioned
earlier.
These are the stories that I consider
the most pressing with the most
consequential influences,
but you can also click on OSINT right
here and doing so shows you all sorts of
ongoing developments.
Let's just quickly enable all the
functions for a total picture.
It says here, "Drone strike caused fire
outside nuclear power plant in Abu
Dhabi."
Wow.
Um anyway, if I click it,
I get additional insights and I can even
go straight to the original source.
You can also filter the OSINT feed by
[music] category. So, if I want to check
out all the recent explosions in and
around, all I have to do is click here.
And it shows you the time, the source,
and what has happened.
Again, guys, there's no tool like this
out there.
And you can use these tools to draw your
own conclusions and do so faster and
more reliable
>> [music]
>> than any other major news source.
By using our app, you will stop
consuming geopolitics passively
and start observing it unfold for
yourself. [music] And that fundamentally
changes the way how you see the world.
This is our tool at Caspian Report.
[music]
It's the most valuable tool we have.
It lets you see the hidden patterns
behind world events, and it's how we've
been able to predict some of the crazy
and unlikely events.
And for just $6 a month, you can have
access to the very same dashboard. No
restrictions, no caps.
For the price of a Big Mac,
you get to have your own CIA-like
dashboard.
Make it your home page
and have it [music] run continuously in
the background.
We'll be adding way more features in the
coming weeks, and we're working to
include additional regions, too,
including Ukraine and Taiwan. [music]
If you go with the annual plan, the
price is just $6 a month.
But, as [music] we add new features, the
price will go up permanently.
So, this is the cheapest it will ever
be.
And those early birds who sign up in the
next 30 days will have the price locked
at that $6 so long as they have an
active account. [music] So,
even in 5 or 10 years from now, your
price will remain the same.
This early bird promotion is only valid
for the next 30 days.
We have a 7-day trial at sign up.
So, don't think about it too much. This
is insane value for your money. [music]
Go to deltasweep.com
and get that early bird discount.
I'm asking you to give this a try.
Anyway, signing off.
And so long.
>> [music]
>> Mhm.